what a time to be alive you know things
are changing so quickly from one
generation to the next and we've come up
with a game to have some fun with that
and every now and then we like to pit a
senior against the junior for a battle
of the ages oh that said it's time to
play a generation gap and Jimmy Sal how
much did you lose on the football games
this weekend Sal I'm not twenty eight
thousand seven hundred fifty dollars
yeah that's right as a gambling problem
and he has his own show about gaming on
foxsports1 called lock-in and he lost a
lot of money but this isn't about you
selling think about tonight's
contestants and let's meet them starting
with our three-time defending champion
from Culver City he's lean he's mean
he's 15 Trevor's Tobi's hello Travers
it's time now to meet your Challenger
she is a three-time grandmother two-time
great-grandmother she's from Garden
Grove California
say hello to Frida George if you don't
mind me asking how many years old are
you
92 92 years
[Applause]
how about that how you feelin trappers
you about going against the 92 year old
feel a little bad Freda did they have a
sex recession when you were growing up
yes they did we have when I was growing
up I grew up in England oh so oh oh this
story again all right well here's how
the game works Freda I'm gonna ask you
and Travers questions about the past and
the president and whoever gets the most
questions right wins does it sound good
yes all right we're gonna start with our
champion Travers Travers your question
is finish this quote float like a
butterfly sting like a bee that's right
whoever's that's correctly though
you know who said that Muhammad Ali
that is correct very good very well done
Freda your question is finish this song
lyric now she says she's gonna do what
to who
let's find out and see cardi blank blank
blank blank party blank party blank
now I don't do really card travers do
you want to take a shot at it
cardi B cardi B Freda have you ever
heard a cardi B yes oh you have you know
what she does for a living she's a
singer
that's reward very good alright alright
so we are in range next question is for
you Freda Freda what is the name of this
once popular toy that is on the video
screen do you know the name of this toy
that was very popular about a year ago a
year ago yes it was something to do with
space mm-hmm there's something to do
with space mmm
[Music]
0:03
something about the three dots we know
like alright Travers do you know the
name of the toy that's a fidget spinner
[Music]
Travers the next question is for you
what was the name of this once popular
toy I got one of these when I was a kid
a baby bottle
no it's not a baby bottle free to do you
know what it is yes I think I do it's
that there's a toy we're spinning is it
yes yes yes you would do what and then
spin see ya
close enough it's a soda spin yes that's
right
[Applause]
all right three this motherboard Travers
this man was the Godfather of what soul
that's right let's go to our final
question Freda who is this famous doctor
put the doctor up on the screen
who is this famous dr. Freda Mon frère
Cyclops ooh good guess we're in the
Marvel Universe but that is not correct
Travers who is that Marvel that doctor
dr. strange doctor shrimp is right not
good at 28 grand on Frida this one is
for Travers Travers who is this famous
doctor and here he comes now
who is this famous doctor oh wow who is
this famous dr. Travers at dr. Phil that
is
come on Everett - you know we're gonna
give both of them prizes in the spirit
of dr. Phil eNOS for freedom freedom we
got you a Google pixel book and Travers
we got you a typewriter there you go
in a minute hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil
wizard has trapped me inside this
YouTube video click subscribe to help me
escape